1. What is sigleton?
2. Subash add your questions?

Paytm interview questions

1.what is difeerence between http ana https?
2.what is the difference between REST and SOAP?

SOAP defines standards to be strictly followed.	REST does not define too much standards like SOAP.
SOAP requires more bandwidth and resource than REST.	REST requires less bandwidth and resource than SOAP.
SOAP defines its own security.	RESTful web services inherits security measures from the underlying transport.
SOAP permits XML data format only.	REST permits different data format such as Plain text, HTML, XML, JSON etc.
SOAP is less preferred than REST.	REST more preferred than SOAP.

3.what is the ssl and tcp?

4.oops defines?
5.does REST support xml? Yes
6.core location ?
7.difference between MVC and MVVM ?
8.how will you store 50000 user info in document,how you will fetch particular user ?
9.swift is object oriented ?

mavenier interview questions

1.delegates and protocols:

A protocol defines a blueprint of methods, properties, and other requirements that suit a particular task or piece of functionality. The protocol can then be adopted by a class, structure, or enumeration to provide an actual implementation of those requirements. Any type that satisfies the requirements of a protocol is said to conform to that protocol

Delegates are a design pattern that allows one object to send messages to another object when a specific event happens.

2.how to throw the exception?
3.how do you use objective c framework/library in swift project?
4.what is the difference between bundleid and appli id?
5.what is difference between swift 2 and swift 3?
Tarams
1.what are swift 4 update from swift 3?

2.how will you achieve loaderview with animation in ios?
3.difference between struct and enum?
4.differnce between struct and class?
5.how to change label widht according to dynamic text?
6. encapsulation?
7. binary search tree?

mindtree.

1. Escaping and non-escaping closure
2. Migration
3.design pattern
4.why you are looking for job change?
5.which scenario you used singleton design pattern and observer design patter

Winjit technologies
1.polymorphism
2.Data abstraction
3.lazy
4.feature of Xcode 9 and iOS 11
5.tuples
6.mvp design patgtern
7.In-app purchase
8.category in objective c

Robosoft 
1. How you will dubug error
2. Difference between mvc and mvvm
3. Higher order function in swift
4. layer object of ui
5. optional binding and optional chaining?
6. Singleton


